---
title: 测试文章
date: 2025-08-08 21:56:40
tags: 测试
---
## What exactly is Lolicon

### 1. Society's perception of this behavior

I think there is a lot of bias in the world's view towards the group of Lolicon nowadays. In society, whether at home or abroad, treating this group is like treating criminals. The world simply interprets Lolicon's behavior as a pervert who will be in love with young girls, without understanding the true meaning of this behavior.

### 2，Physiological Causes of Lolicon

According to a large amount of data, all Lolicon have a common physicological characteristic, which is that their sexual activity is very early. That is to say, when these people may unintentionally or intentionally come into contact with adult sexual content in a curious way, due to their young age and immature mentality, they will develop a sense of disgust and vomiting towards sexual behavior. If they have this feeling, then these people need to find a sense of "Recognition" at a young age.

So these people tend to reject normal sexual content and instead accept the opposite sex in their own age group.

### 3. The psychological causes of Lolicon

The majority of the lolicon come from the otaku tribe. Some otaku people have a great sense of psychological imbalance, which includes but is not limited to unconventional behaviors such as worldliness and antisocial behavior. When they are unable to change, what left for them is only avoidence. The elevated world created by Japanese anime is clearly suitable for their escape. After choosing an elevated world as a way of escape, these people will find their preferences in this world.

There are many kinds of preferences in the anime, and those who have physiological problems at the beginning of sexual initiation will choose loli as their escape with many factors combined.

So, the psychological problem of Lolicon mostly lies in "avoidance". However, there are many people who escape to anime. Why do Lolicon choose such an absurd sexual addiction?

To solve this argument, we need to get to know the psychological characteristics of them.

- Initially, they possess a kind heart, and due to the complex, cruel, and harsh realities of society mentioned above, they often exhibit a "xenophobic" mindset. This may lead them to have emotionally extreme reactions to certain harsh events based on their own experiences. Individuals who are overly kind often find it difficult to comprehend the unkindness of the world, which contributes to the formation of this group.
- Besides, they possess a strong ability to objectively assess and analyze things, and their learning capabilities are impressive. As a result, when faced with certain objective facts, it is impossible for them to simply "ignore" them. Because their thought processes are so thorough, they are able to see the bigger picture when analyzing situations, which in turn deepens their sense of "social imbalance."
- In addition to this, their approach to problem-solving is often imbued with a certain "childlike innocence." This is a rare and valuable trait in today's society. They are unafraid to express their most authentic thoughts, to admire the things they find adorable, and to openly express love to those they hold dear. They despise social niceties, the wearing of masks in public, and anything that violates their perception of "loli."
- Some of them may be drawn to cute things due to certain family or personality flaws. The specific situations are as follows, and it is worth categorizing for further discussion:
  - Lack of childhood or childhood playmates: Usually, the childhood of Lolicon is blank, without happy enjoyment, and also without their childhood friends. This will lead them to develop a desire for the emotions they lacked in their childhood, and naturally turn their sexual addiction into a younger age.
  - Lack of family emotions: In an unhappy family, Lolicon may develop a deep fear of marriage. When experiencing the relationship between women and men, they unconsciously engage in rejection. So they will choose children as the objects of care, just because they cannot face normal heterosexual interactions. In summary, this situation can be summarized in six words: aversion to marriage and love children.
  - Lack of social skills: They lack the ability to interact with others (especially the opposite sex). For normal interactions of the opposite sex, this group of people will choose to exclude. They will feel that if they interact with younger children, they don't need to think too much and can become as simple and happy as possible.
  - Loneliness and dissociability: This group of people usually have their own ideals, pursuits, and a life state that is different from what normal people pursue. So they will eventually be ostracized by the group. Being excluded by a group ultimately leads to loneliness. Lonely people seek redemption. They feel that they can gain emotions in children's innocence that they cannot find in the cold crowd, so they will like it.

### 4. "Loli" and Faith

How did the Lolicon handle their complex with Lolita? The answer is that some positive lolicons tend to turn this complex into motivation, which has no clear goal. No matter what these people are pursuing, they have indeed improved themselves. If this complex towards Loli is turned into a belief, they will automatically reject all external strange looks and only pursue what they want. Nobody can move the pursuit of gods.

### 5. To make Lolicons compatible with society, I believe two joint efforts are needed:

- **Social aspect**: it is not necessary to exaggerate and take seriously the "paedophilia" complex within the anime scope, and we can appropriate accommodate these people who are not compatible with the society. Society should also advocate for reducing discrimination against Lolicons.
- **On a personal level**: Lolicons should have a bottom line and not do anything that goes against ethics and morality. If society gives you space to vent your desires, don't take any chances and do abstract things.

Lolicon is not what the world calls a pervert. Save these people who want to have a gentle and lovely girlfriend but are unable to socialize with normal women!

Finally, I would like to end with a Bible:

> Love and peace cannot be exchanged for anything. Decadence doesn't matter, time keeps passing, so I can only say I am keen on it.  
> With this grace, I will not harm anyone and love this wonderful civilization.  
> Save us.
